border.width: 1
padding.width: 8
padding.height: 6
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0

menu.overlap: 2
menu.border.color: #75818C
menu.border.width: 1

menu.title.bg: Solid Flat
menu.title.bg.color: #2F3942
menu.title.text.color: #f4f7f9
menu.title.text.justify: Left

menu.items.bg: Solid Flat
menu.items.bg.color: #14181c
menu.items.text.color: #aabbcc
menu.items.active.bg: Solid Flat
menu.items.active.bg.color: #61C230
menu.items.active.text.color: #14181c

menu.separator.width: 1
menu.separator.padding.width: 4
menu.separator.padding.height: 2

window.active.border.color: #aabbcc
window.active.title.separator.color: #61C230
window.active.title.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.title.bg.color: #14181c
window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #f1f3f6
window.active.client.color: #14181c
window.active.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #aabbcc
window.active.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.hover.color: #eff0f1
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #66cc33
window.active.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #cdcdcd
window.active.button.hover.bg.border.color: #1d1e1b

window.active.grip.bg: Raised Gradient Vertical
window.active.grip.bg.color: #a67a3f
window.active.grip.bg.colorTo: #2b2824
window.active.handle.bg: Raised Gradient Vertical
window.active.handle.bg.color: #a67a3f
window.active.handle.bg.colorTo: #2b2824





window.inactive.title.separator.color: #75818C
window.inactive.border.color: #aabbcc
window.inactive.title.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #14181c
window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #aabbcc
window.inactive.client.color: #000000
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #aaaaaa

